# Neo4j---Recommender-System-QA-with-LangChain
Recommender Systems (RS) have emerged as a fundamental application in the field of machine learning and information retrieval, addressing the problem of information over-load by filtering and presenting items that are likely to interest users. They are designed to automatically suggest items or services to users based on various criteria such as past behaviors, interactions, or user and item attributes. Recommender systems have evolved over the past few decades, offering an enhanced personalized user experience across a multitude of domains.
Their importance is underscored by their widespread adoption and profound impact on user engagement and business revenue playing a pivotal role in various domains includ-ing e-commerce, where they help in suggesting products to customers (Amazon, for ex-ample, attributes 35% of its revenue to its recommendation engine), entertainment, where platforms like Netflix and Spotify provide personalized movie and music recom-mendations respectively, social networking, where platforms like Facebook and LinkedIn suggest friends, pages, or job opportunities and many other sectors like educa-tion, healthcare, and real estate.
Applications of recommender systems extend beyond merely suggesting products or services. They can be employed to personalize the user interface of applications, enhance search engine results, aid in decision-making processes, and even contribute to scientific research by recommending articles or peer reviewers. Their ability to understand and cater to individual user preferences while also considering the broader user-item in-teraction landscape makes them a valuable tool in modern digital platforms.
Moreover, I will try to create a Question - Answering application on Neo4j Database using LangChain framework. LangChain is a framework designed for the creation of applications using Large Language Models (LLMs). As a language model integration framework, LangChain's use-cases largely overlap with those of language models.
